The next section are going to be creating is going to be the numbers section.
So we're really going to have a background the background image is going to be fixed.
Then this is going to be the title here here again these are going to be fun Tarsem with some text.
So let's go back to the index page.
Now let's go to the bottom where is the end of services section and oh here again create a comment.
So this will be an adverse section here.
Copy paste this and on here like me they fix my typo here.
This is going to be section.
And once we have the actual numbers section comments non-sexually place or here this section element
here maybe that's right and of numbers section here and now it's place the section.
So here for the numbers let's start with a section with a class of numbers and let's say numbers numbers
here press.
And we have our numbers section.
Now here is a section title the one that we created before.
So what I'm going to say here I would want to find a section that will.
Once I found the actual section title.
I'm just going to go up over here and select along with the comments that I'm just going to copy and
paste this.
I'm going to go down where I finished actually working in the numbers section and just copy and paste.
Now obviously all here what I would want to change is the value.
So this is not going to be services this is going to be actually numbers.
And once they scroll down in my page or here you can see that right now I have right away my title and
this is how we're making use of the fact that we can create the title one time and then we don't need
to actually repeat it.
We can just change the value for that name.
So once I have a title now we're going to have again the same thing as numbers center.
So this is going to be again a wrapper for our actual phantasms and everything.
So we're going to say numbers and center.
All right.
So this is going to be the day when we're going to use for centric.
And after that again what I would want is only a single number so a single number here.
Copy and paste and or here right write and of a single number.
And what I would want or here in this single number.
So first of all let's do an article.
The article is actually going to have a class here and the class is going to be numbers that have 200
scores.
Single single number.
So this is going to be a single element.
Now once we have or here in this article then let's place a fantasy in my gut.
And in this case we're not going to use a div we are actually going to use a span.
So I'm going to say numbers 200 scores again.
And this is going to be single number and number and we're going to call this icon here.
So this is going to be the icon.
No in this band and we're going to have a I element has a user's on here.
Let's say it here let me get back my M and save it over here and sure enough out here you can see that
if we have Arakan now after we have this brown ready the next one is actually going to be our number.
So I'm going to say we're heading 1 again.
The class numbers are here single and we're going to say number one here text.
All right.
So this is going to be.
Once I press the time and then heading one we'll get it right.
This is going to be hundred.
And after that last one we're going to have here this is going to be next.
So here we're going to say heading to with a glass of numbers and we're going to say single number title
or this is going to be our title or he'll win.
Right.
And this is going to be happy clients here say it.
Now again we know what we need to do.
So we're going to check where is our single number we're going to copy and paste.
What are you doing this.
And you can see that I want one too much.
All right.
So me go back over here and let's say that I would want to copy to the end of where it is my title and
let's just copy and paste this one two three or here and honestly again the same thing.
No one is going to have to change the values.
I'm going to go back and hop over here and you can see this was my start.
So let's change this first this users.
So I'm going to change this users and we're going to say here thumbs up.
So this is going to be my first column that I'm changing.
So once I say it check it out or here.
Now we have our thumbs up.
So here we're also going to have a different.
Are you going to say that this is going to be 245 and this is going to be project.
So here we're going to say this is going to be instead of happy playing it's going to call this a project.
Now after that the next one is going to read the lines of code so I'm going to call this and I it.
So are you going to say this is going to be.
And I did it here and read it.
What I would want is going to be lines of code so let's say we're like this.
Maybe I don't know some some kind of volume like this.
And we're going to call these lines of code here.
And the last one is going to be trophy and trophies are going to be words of five.
So here what we would need to use to change our here is users to a trophy here.
So we sell it then we're going to have let's say five of them or six of them and here we're going to
call these words and once we're done here with writing words ready to jump to see us and actually start
styling our numbers section.